in the United States today some level of undergraduate education is kind
of a requirement for almost everyone in the infield at least at the
associates level so I knew that hole I was in the navy most people
who are going up for chief petty officer better have an associate's
degree or they're going to have a tougher time making chief so that's
one thing to get ahead in your field you need a a degree of some
kind so the degrees are built up the associates and the bachelor level
degrees undergraduate degrees are built up basically of required
courses showing that you have a certain skill level and that you have
the general level of knowledge in most fields so they required to
history and they mathematics yeah science and languages then it comes
time for specialization in more professional training and that's
graduate work so either you're going to prepare yourself to be a college
professor get a PhD or a researcher peach do your masters degree
or a lawyer at G. D. or a physician and Andy insular more specialized
and they require more and more individual scholarship it's not you're
going to sit in a classroom and so he's going to tell you the
answer they're going to give you a problem and say go learn the skills
you need to learn to be able to solve this problem solid and tell
us about it and then we'll let you go on to other feel